Question 1: Alice wants to make a social networking site, where she can upload photographs and then he can tag them with people and titles.
            Help her in this task where she is able to erform these operations 
            1. Watch profile of the person where she can watch photos uploaded by that person.
            2. With the help of tags she should be able to find out the photos tagged by that title.

            Example: It is a menu driven program which askes you to enter persons name and the tag
            1st case: here list of all people comes and when you enter the name of the person you can see photos uploaded by him.
                      now opening the profile gives you list of uploaded photos and askss you to enter the name of photograph, 
                      when you enter the photograph name of photograph it shows list of tags associated.
            2nd case: you enter the tag to which you want to find photos associated with, on entering the tag you can find all photos related to 
                      that tag.
            *Use collections framework to use to store the necessary data.
            
Question 2: Bob is currently working on programming a text editor. In this Text Editor he is stuck on one problem. He wants to 
            introduce functionaliy of auto completion of sentences. Whenever a word matches equals to or more than 50% then word should
            automatically get corrected and if the word is matches less than 50% then it should be added to your dictionary so that on further
            entering of word it should get corrected according to the new dictionary.
            
            Example: Let you have predefind dictionary of these word {this, is, the, Program}
            Input: This as the Prggram of Lab.
            Output: This is the Program.
            
            Now the updated dictionary is {this, is, the, Program, of, lab}
            
Question 3: Mr. GitHub has recently facing some problem in programming. He wants to make a text editor so that if keys like
            enter and backspace are broken then also a person can type the text. Hhere the operations applied in 
            the editor will not be trditional enter, backspace but will be as follows:
            ^ for for shifting cursor up
            < for shifting cursor left
            > for shifting cursor right
            ? for shifting cursor down
            @ for turning capslock on and off
            $ for entering to new line
            # for backspace
            
            write a program that can implement these things.
            
            Example:
              Input: this@is$the#best@i can^do
              output: thisISdo
                      THBESTi can
